Create Blog Post “build-an-interactive-voice-response-with-go” (#671)
Nexmo/deved-platform: content/blog/en/build-an-interactive-voice-response-with-go.md

* A phone number
* [Go installed locally](https://golang.org/)

<sign-up number></sign-up>

## Install Go SDK

This project will be using Vonage's Go SDK, which you can install with the following command:

```bash
go get github.com/vonage/vonage-go-sdk
```

## Write the Code

Vonage checks whether you have configured a webhook to route your voice call to when it receives one on your virtual number. This webhook configuration is specific to your application, which you will create and configure later in the tutorial.

Let's write the code that will handle any requests to this webhook. 
First, create a file called `handle-user-input-with-dtmf.go` and copy the following into this file:

```go
package main

import (
    "encoding/json"
    "io/ioutil"
    "log"
    "net/http"

    "github.com/vonage/vonage-go-sdk/ncco"
)

type Dtmf struct {
    Digits    string
    Timed_out bool
}

type Response struct {
    Speech            []string
    Dtmf              Dtmf
    From              string
    To                string
    Uuid              string
    Conversation_uuid string
    Timestamp         string
}

func main() {

}
```

> The above code imports libraries we'll use throughout this tutorial, we also create two new structs that will handle the input from webhook requests received from Vonage. Following this we've initialized our project with a `main()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code imports libraries we'll use throughout this tutorial. We also create two new structs that will handle the input from webhook requests received from Vonage. Following this, we've initialized our project with a main() function.
```

> Next, we're going to need to create a `/webhooks/answer` webhook endpoint to instruct Vonage APIs what to do with any incoming calls. To do this, we'll need to create a Call Control Object (NCCO) first asking the caller input any key, and then the next step is to record the callers input. Add the code below to your project above the `main()` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we're going to need to create a /webhooks/answer webhook endpoint to instruct Vonage APIs on what to do with any incoming calls. To do this, we'll need to create a Call Control Object (NCCO), first asking the caller to input any key, and then to record the caller's input. Add the code below to your project above the main() function:

```

```go
func answer(w http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
    MyNcco := ncco.Ncco{}

    talk := ncco.TalkAction{Text: "Hello please press any key to continue."}
    MyNcco.AddAction(talk)

    inputAction := ncco.InputAction{EventUrl: []string{"https://demo.ngrok.io/webhooks/dtmf"}, Dtmf: &ncco.DtmfInput{MaxDigits: 1}}
    MyNcco.AddAction(inputAction)

    data, _ := json.Marshal(MyNcco)

    w.Header().Set("Content-Type", "application/json")
    w.Write(data)
}
```

> The project doesn't currently have any functionality to know what to do with the caller's input (you may have noticed the URL `https://demo.ngrok.io/webhooks/dtmf` in the previous step). We'll need to create this endpoint in our project, this endpoint will need to read the body of the `POST` request, and then read back the key the caller submitted in the previous step. Add the code example below to your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project doesn't currently have any functionality to know what to do with the caller's input (you may have noticed the URL https://demo.ngrok.io/webhooks/dtmf in the previous step). We'll need to create this endpoint in our project, and the endpoint will need to read the POST request body and then read back the key the caller submitted in the previous step. Add the code example below to your project:

```

```go
func dtmf(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    data, _ := ioutil.ReadAll(r.Body)
    var t Response
    json.Unmarshal(data, &t)

    MyNcco := ncco.Ncco{}
    talk := ncco.TalkAction{Text: "You pressed " + t.Dtmf.Digits + ", Goodbye"}
    MyNcco.AddAction(talk)

    responseData, _ := json.Marshal(MyNcco)
    w.Header().Set("Content-Type", "application/json")
    w.Write(responseData)
}
```

> It's time to instruct the `main()` function to know what to do with these two new functions we've created. We need to create an http server to listen on port `3000`, and route two endpoints to those functions. Add the three lines below to your empty `main()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's time to instruct the main() function to know what to do with these two new functions we've created. We need to create an HTTP server to listen on port 3000 and route two endpoints to those functions. Add the three lines below to your empty main() function.

```
